Channels podcast ep17 post (#120)
nextflow-io/website: content/podcast/2023/ep17_power_to_processes.md

In this News and Views episode, [Phil Ewels](https://twitter.com/tallphil) and [Marcel Ribeiro-Dantas](https://twitter.com/mribeirodantas) talk to [Ben Sherman](https://github.com/bentsherman) about the exciting work in progress related to the Nextflow language.

<!-- end-archive-description -->

#### Nextflow language

You'll find below the main topics covered. The links point to the Pull Requests.

* [Default values for process inputs](https://github.com/nextflow-io/nextflow/pull/3687)
* [Arity](https://github.com/nextflow-io/nextflow/pull/3706), and [nullable](https://github.com/nextflow-io/nextflow/pull/2893) options for input and output paths
* [Named arguments for processes and workflows](https://github.com/nextflow-io/nextflow/pull/3712)
* Map inputs/outputs for processes
* Custom record inputs/outputs for processes

#### New content

* [Reflecting on ten years of Nextflow awesomeness](https://nextflow.io/blog/2023/reflecting-on-ten-years-of-nextflow-awesomeness.html)
* [A Nextflow-Docker Murder Mystery: The mysterious case of the “OOM killer”](https://nextflow.io/blog/2023/a-nextflow-docker-murder-mystery-the-mysterious-case-of-the-oom-killer.html)

#### Upcoming events

> * Not really upcoming, but amazing [Seqera webinar](https://seqera.io/webinar-nextflow-nf-core/?utm_campaign=Webinar%20nf-core%20standards%20June%202023&utm_source=podcast&utm_medium=social&utm_content=phil) that took place in June

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Recent Seqera webinar all about using nf-core tooling (templates, components, tooling) to build custom (non nf-core) pipelines, complete with a live demo of building and running a pipeline from scratch: [Nextflow best practices: Leveraging nf-core tooling and standards within your organization](https://seqera.io/webinar-nextflow-nf-core/?utm_campaign=Webinar%20nf-core%20standards%20June%202023&utm_source=podcast&utm_medium=social&utm_content=phil)
```

> * Nextflow Summit in Barcelona (October 16-20) and in Boston (November 28-30). Erik Garrison, who was involved in the [pangenome paper published in Nature](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41586-023-05896-x), is a confirmed keynote speaker!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Nextflow Summit 2023](https://summit.nextflow.io/) in Barcelona (October 16-20) and in Boston (November 28-30).
    * Erik Garrison, who was involved in the [pangenome paper published in Nature](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41586-023-05896-x), will be the keynote speaker in Boson!
    * New website with registration & call for abstracts opening.. now! (ish). See <https://summit.nextflow.io>
```

<!-- end-archive-description -->

#### Nextflow language

We covered the following topics in this episode. Follow the links to see the GitHub pull requests that we discussed.

* [Default values for process inputs](https://github.com/nextflow-io/nextflow/pull/3687)
* [Arity](https://github.com/nextflow-io/nextflow/pull/3706), and [nullable](https://github.com/nextflow-io/nextflow/pull/2893) options for input and output paths
* [Named arguments for processes and workflows](https://github.com/nextflow-io/nextflow/pull/3712)
* Map inputs/outputs for processes
* Custom record inputs/outputs for processes

#### New content

* Nextflow blog: [Reflecting on ten years of Nextflow awesomeness](https://nextflow.io/blog/2023/reflecting-on-ten-years-of-nextflow-awesomeness.html)
* Nextflow blog: [A Nextflow-Docker Murder Mystery: The mysterious case of the “OOM killer”](https://nextflow.io/blog/2023/a-nextflow-docker-murder-mystery-the-mysterious-case-of-the-oom-killer.html)

#### Upcoming events

> * Recent Seqera webinar all about using nf-core tooling (templates, components, tooling) to build custom (non nf-core) pipelines, complete with a live demo of building and running a pipeline from scratch: [Nextflow best practices: Leveraging nf-core tooling and standards within your organization](https://seqera.io/webinar-nextflow-nf-core/?utm_campaign=Webinar%20nf-core%20standards%20June%202023&utm_source=podcast&utm_medium=social&utm_content=phil)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Recent Seqera webinar all about using nf-core tooling (templates, components, tooling) to build custom (non nf-core) pipelines, complete with a live demo of building and running a pipeline from scratch:
    * [Nextflow best practices: Leveraging nf-core tooling and standards within your organization](https://seqera.io/webinar-nextflow-nf-core/?utm_campaign=Webinar%20nf-core%20standards%20June%202023&utm_source=podcast&utm_medium=social&utm_content=phil)
```
